>> Nina Zakharenko: How can we
possibly recover last work?
Well, remember about original HEAD,
that I had mentioned before.
That's the commit that HEAD was pointing
to before we did a reset or a merge.
If things really get screwed up,
it might be time to check for
copies of your repository.
Maybe, if you look on GitHub,
maybe one of your coworkers
has a copy that you can grab.
How would we use original
head to undo a merge?
In this case we could
do git result//merge,
using the merge flag is
going uncommitted charges.
So, if you added some things using
that flag won't blow them away.
So by resetting, we're just
moving HEAD back, and that's it.
>> Nina Zakharenko: If you end up with
one of these dangling commits, and
you need to get them back.
By default, you keep commits around for
maybe two or three weeks.
If you need to go back in time and
find a commit that's no longer referenced,
you can take a look in the rough log.
The syntax of rough log
is a little different, so
HEAD@ means the value of
head as it was two moves ago.
If you're looking for
a dangling commit, you mess up a rebiz,
you committed some changes on
a detached head using git reflog is how
you're going to get them back.